Documentation


You can enable word wrap to make the text more readable. The shortcut is [Alt+Z]


Section I : Introduction

***This documentation is there to help you be organized. Some of the information in this documentation 
is not necessary to know how to work, but it can be helpful if you want to understand. SOME OTHER INFORMATIONS,
on the other hand, ARE ABSOLUTELY NECESSARY TO MAKE THE REPOSITORY CLEAN FOR THE OTHER DEVELOPERS.
My name is Xavier, I am the lead developer behind this project. If you have any questions or if you need help with
anything, don't hesitate to contact me at shawny@ecxogames.ca or via whatsapp at +1 514-557-3147.


First thing I have to say is...

{DO NOT TOUCH ANY OF THE FOLDERS OR FILES IF YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT THEY DO, ACCIDENTALLY DELETING ANY FILES OR FOLDERS COULD RESULT TO THE PROJECT BEING BROKEN.}

This documentation will help you to work with my code AND to understand how to make it so everyone can read it.
I am not a big fan of artificial intelligence when it comes to help you with your code but I can allow you to use it (resonnably).
But know that whatever the AI tells you, even if it works, there may be issues with the structure of the code.

Like always, if you are not sure about something, don't hesitate to ask me.


Section II : Project structure


Symbol chart:
    * = the name has to be the same as shown
    ! = should have the same properties as shown
    & = should be exactly the same as shown
    ~ = should be a read-only file
    ? = should have a *README.md or *README.txt file

Files & folders organization:

    Naming and organizing the files and folders looks easy. Well it is. If you put things in random places.
    Because will have a lot of files in the project, we need to be organized. And below, you will find the correct way of organizing your files.

    But first, let me tell you about the method...

    Within the devs, we have a very particular way of organizing things. You may not be used to it and that is why you will have to read carefuly the next steps.

    Step I:
        When you create a new project you will need to create a folder to put it inside. Name the folder whatever youy want, but make it recognizable please.
        If you put your files in the MAIN directory of the project or anywhere you don't remember, you will be lost the next time you open Visual Studio. Please, keep it organized.
        In the main directory, you can find multiple folders and files. You should, in no terms, use or modify anyhing in the that is there, or anywhere else.
        Anyway, now that you now why it is important, let's move on to the next step.

    Step II:
        You will have to organize you files this way:
            SHAWNY
            ├── build
            ├── node_modules
            ├── OLD
            │   └── # Old code with all its content
            ├── public
            │   ├── files
            │   │   ├── images
            │   │   │   ├── icons
            │   │   │   │   └── # Icons and pictograms
            │   │   │   └── pictures
            │   │   │       └── # Images files
            │   │   └── sounds
            │   │       └── # SFX and Soundtracks
            │   ├── index.html
            │   ├── manifest.json
            │   └── robot.txt
            ├── src
            │   ├── components
            │   │   └── # Single components to reuse
            │   ├── pages
            │   │   └── # Pages
            │   ├── App.test.js
            │   ├── index.css
            │   ├── index.js
            │   ├── Main.css
            │   ├── Main.js
            │   ├── reportWebVitals.js
            │   └── setupTests.js
            ├── .gitignore
            ├── documentation
            ├── package-lock.json
            ├── package.json
            └── README.md
    
    Setp III:
        Now that you have your files organized, you can start creating your project. Be creative ;P
    
Section III : Ressources

    Now that you got are onboard, let's get equiped and ready to code.

    
    Here are some good extensions for Visual Studio Code that could help you with your project:

            Blackboxapp.blackbox
            ParthR2031.colorful-comments
            mgiesen.image-comments
            ritwickdey.LiveServer
            xshrim.txt-syntax

Section VI : Data storage

    All of the data is stored on a json bin under this id: 00244aa6-72b3-4199-9aa2-26eb154b67f1 
    You can access the data by going to the following link: https://getpantry.cloud/



Section VII : Schedule

    Here is the list of the tasks that are dues and the ones that are coming up:

    Mandatory:
        - Remake the whole site in React JS. (Everything but the games, I'll take care of that)
    Urgent:
        - Work out a friendly way to manage the data.
    Important:
        - Work around the code to make it more readable for the new developers. And make sure to document the code in this documentation.
        - Remake all the readme files to make them more readable and understandable.
    If you're bored:
        - Find a way to give the ability to the user to change the language of the website.
        - Add modding capabilities to the game.
